Style end edit changes to collections doc (#59658)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/collections_tech_preview.rst

Collections are a distribution format for Ansible content. They can be used to
package and distribute playbooks, roles, modules, and plugins.

> You can publish and use collections through `Ansible's Galaxy repository <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish and use collections through `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.
```

.. note::
    * Ansible only accepts ``.yml`` extensions for galaxy.yml.
    * See the `draft collection <https://github.com/bcoca/collection>`_ for an example of a full collection structure.
    * Not all directories are currently in use. Those are placeholders for future features.

galaxy.yml
----------

A collection must have a ``galaxy.yml`` file that contains the necessary information to build a collection artifact.
See :ref:`collections_galaxy_meta` for details.

docs directory
---------------

Keep general documentation for the collection here. Plugins and modules still keep their specific documentation embedded as Python docstrings. Use the ``docs`` folder to describe how to use the roles and plugins the collection provides, role requirements, and so on. Currently we are looking at Markdown as the standard format for documentation files, but this is subject to change.

> Use ``ansible-doc`` to documentation for plugins inside a collection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``ansible-doc`` to view documentation for plugins inside a collection:
```

Collection roles are mostly the same as existing roles, but with a couple of limitations:

 - Role names are now limited to contain only lowercase alphanumeric characters, plus ``_`` and start with an alpha character.

>  - Roles cannot have their own plugins any more. The plugins must live in the collection ``plugins`` directory and are accessible to the collection roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Roles in a collection cannot contain plugins any more. Plugins must live in the collection ``plugins`` directory tree. Each plugin is accessible to all roles in the collection.
```

    release. As such, the command and this documentation section is subject to frequent changes.

Currently the ``ansible-galaxy collection`` command implements the following sub commands:

* ``init``: Create a basic collection skeleton based on the default template included with Ansible or your own template.
* ``build``: Create a collection artifact that can be uploaded to Galaxy or your own repository.
* ``publish``: Publish a built collection artifact to Galaxy.
* ``install``: Install one or more collections.

To learn more about the ``ansible-galaxy`` cli tool, see the :ref:`ansible-galaxy` man page.

.. _creating_collections_skeleton:

Creating a collection skeleton
------------------------------

To start a new collection:

.. code-block:: bash

    collection_dir#> ansible-galaxy collection init my_namespace.my_collection

Then you can populate the directories with the content you want inside the collection. See
https://github.com/bcoca/collection to get a better idea of what you can place inside a collection.

.. _building_collections:

Building collections
--------------------

> To build a collection, run ``ansible-galaxy collection build`` from inside the collection's root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a collection, run ``ansible-galaxy collection build`` from inside the root directory of the collection:
```
